# How-can-be-a-Good-Web-designer
 Web designing is one of the best career opportunities in software field. Before you start a website to design you should have an idea about it. Each new website has unique design and creativity. Web designing is not just a job it includes passion, dedication and commitments towards each work. Web designing can do as a freelance, freelance web designer is the best way of explore your talents to the world. Freelance web designers have a dedication to their and work and have a good communication with client. The time management and completion of works at perfect time is also an important factor for a freelance web designers and developers. If a customer wants to stay in your website you have to put something different on it and have to learn new trends and should be updated all the time. Like a design in website many other things are also important to user to stay in your website. The speed of the website is also a factor if the website loading time is too long then customers more from your website to another so use the techniques to reduce the loading time of the website. The navigation links of the website is also important so many clicks in a single make confusion to the customers so make simple and smooth navigation to the customers. The contents you are using the page is also make attention from visitors the content must be readable and can be meaningful. If you are looking forward for as a Freelance designer or developers should understood new changes in web designing and many centers will provide courses for web designing and it will follow the same methods and it’s our duty to update the trends with reading blogs or articles. The existence of a freelance web designer is always depends on his creativity in doing new and attractive things. Working as a freelance web designer will get maximum freedom and have the power of making your ideas completely and another hand we have to take all risk yourself. Marketing your websites is the next big problems you have to phase as a freelance web designer .If is are a good web designer you have to explore your talent to the world so marketing of your website is also important. Increase the traffic to your website with submitting your websites to free website listing sites. Now number of free website listing sites is available and you can boost the traffic to your website. The shortlisted websites are nominated and CSS awarded and showcased in website galleries. So this is the best opportunity to improve your website traffic and get regained from the industry.
